Tell me the truth
If this giant screen was on here
with division of the screen is
microsoft we are here at mtur no
booth and microsoft're full of game
here's another one since 2007 is true
I already tested it and have a college too.
I try to do everything quickly.
here to show the games will give a
then it is too crowded on the pair or
of people all the time is very
videographer people people coming out
unlike the sony booth that
there is also a closed sea ​​wall
open and microsoft is fine
centralized so you can see that it is
practically a square environment
practically a parallelepiped in a
rectangle and there are a number of things
or posters 17 overdrive the end colleges
has a wrap is also a game that is
angry and mean then we'll give
a navigated here
right there, that mouth is where
it's rolling it's seven o'clock
we already tested I tested it by the way I got it
a 50-minute queue
we will soon reach
because not only to show quickly
for you guys like a great class of 50
minutes to get angry
The 17 players are very big and there
cool who gets a representative a door
microsoft voice on the front talking about
the game all the time and lupi denies
instructions on how to play like you
can see this queue here not being
filmed now behind the brass in the
comes back and makes another tub and each person
It takes more or less 10 to 15 minutes
of gambling
if you consume marching beat of each one
it really is a waiting time
I thought the game is very cool after
We'll do a full test.
of him here with that instinct as you
They saw it will receive content
additional is that everything is already included
available
is also a theme plus one
A little bit here, we 'll go
entering the stands that is a bit
Quieter in the queue is not so big
gives to come and play a good that
here is the additional content of varzim
that super mega super after ten
designed the former alpha that is a dirt and
shin here this minecraft is here for
showed the last light subway on that
redux edition which is today the first game
the first two and mastered but not
my way of seeing the hottest or the most
hot apart from just set Brazil arrived
led in elite snapper is cool
now it is closer but full
is now a quiet one and we will go
reach here the blame
that ubisoft open world proposal
the car game is right here
this left side and I already tested it
here like raw
he has a map of the world absurdly
immense and an interesting curiosity
it was done by the same team of
driver of the first love drugs was a
last on paraná online at last it was
made by the same team in three or
four developers involved year
declared the giant map takes an hour to
an hour and a half from one beach after the
other
I also tested the game there about 15
I'll take a little test
complete for you to check
people here just beyond the lion 's eye look at the
also a promise and lukewarm to
hot I would say the game proposal is very
interesting, we played, I played
I took a frightful blow here here so
it was good ledin cef college the title of
exclusive franchise to Microsoft
install a hatch
and the game is very cool, how was it?
reinforced at the microsoft conference
you can choose a villain a hero or
villain and how it's being filmed and now
are watching the villain he plays in that
perspective the galley is a perspective
aerial view
the hero for example does not play like this
When you play as a hero you play
as a third person game is a rpg
traditional and here you have this vision
that is more strategic only to those who
it's villainous
today as villain buys four heroes and
I won, tell me in passing.
I'll keep Kyoto as I told you
You're the microsoft booth too.
Closed non-parallelepiped target
here is the park project that is no longer
no big news already felipe beta
it is open and run from boyd strong that
It's very interesting to play, very handsome.
We'll talk more about him later.
there is the tweet that does not do so much
time
is already available on the
microsoft are announcing a little more
strong in a slightly more aggressive way
Why do not you even have to say it in the gallery?
after a 12 raid has a wretched hype
This game is not
The game is beautiful, we're going to bounce.
hands on them
him and will do a complete test to
You are after and nothing more natural than
There's a guy who walks up and down is still the face.
from microsoft that load says
passage
The game is beautiful, graphically speaking.
you can see that the displays
confortline are always full right
we just went through there not
They find and set I was not so full
the forum is always full all the time
we can trust and since it opened
Why noon today did not stop a
minute of time queue to play
out
I think this basically
I think basically this is me here.
a good future for microsoft is like me
I told people three or four games is
of the 17 truths the alexandre rambo
leds
then we'll do previews and
complete for you to check and I think
that for now that Microsoft is
taking time to send
Thanks guys for not being below that
play